`Metadata` adjustments and more Algorithms (#27)
wnfs-wg/spec: spec/public-wnfs.md

  | PublicFile

type PublicDirectory = {
  type: "wnfs/pub/dir"

>   version: "0.2.0"

Reviewer: Love it 👍 

Arguably we can duck type the directory, but 18 chars per header is fine by me

}

type PublicFile = {
  type: "wnfs/pub/file"

>   version: "0.2.0"

Reviewer: 🥳

  previous: Array<CID<CBOR<PublicFile>>>
  // userland:
  metadata: Metadata
  content: CID<IPFSUnixFSFile>
}
```

## Metadata

> Metadata in WNFS is a CBOR record with arbitrary keys and values.

Reviewer: "Record" implies having specific fields (to me at least). Perhaps "map" instead (that's the term they use in the CBOR spec)

```suggestion
The metadata field MUST be a CBOR map. It is in userland, and contains arbitrary keys and values.
```

Author: Yeah, I think that's clearer. I'm used to bad naming from typescript (`Record<string, string>` is a map... because javascript).
